# Abroad
# Abroad is a premiere website for a short movie created as a part of the Communication Labs class. The movie was created in class under 30 minutes for the 30MFF. As the movie is about the experience of two students at different sites of NYU, I decided to make the theme minimalistic adventure with hints of NYUAD spirit that is visible through the color theme. I am aiming to create intriguing and exciting, but at the same time risky experience for the user as that's what one experiences before studying away at a foreign country. This project utilizes HTML, CSS, and basic JavaScript to put together the website.
# The implementation process was pretty straightforward in the HTML stage as I had a working wireframe. Before starting with CSS, I picked the color theme and fonts I will be using. Picking fonts was one of the most difficult and time consuming tasks as it was hard to find the right one. I then proceeded to "fill in" the pages, focusing on placing the objects where I want them to be and considering nuances like margins, paddings, etc. After that, it was the matter of filling in the colored boxes with images, texts, and adding decoration such as rounded edges or blur. Lastly, I worked on the JavaScript code and made the website interactive.
# Overall, this project came out to be as I expected, with minor exceptions like some interactivity was left out due to time constraints. The website conveys the intended message and is esthetically pleasing to scroll through. While I do think there is a lot more I can add to make the website better, I am more than satisfied with the version I have on hand.
